a cool feeling now I believe if
the feeling when you just ran out
say no before the match
to be able to have that our real
desired to be able to accumulate once and
then into play with his
emotionality with thus only rear
located 2 1 win and the same great
this club needs a while until now
to grab and enjoy
I think we have a vocal circle
said from the game
away game as a signal so beautiful me
think that is the outstanding as many
people assume heidenheim with coming
believe our old son our monday
Hard knows what live in freetv comes to us
he thinks he can do it all
be proud of
Of course , first of all, a great experience
that was finally allowed to experience here
to play
and yes, it was relatively balanced
faith has a lot between 16
place
and yes, that's eleven meters
But Germany will be us then
have come out except halftime we
We really pushed 60 into it
earned us opportunities they have
come by chance but really
also played at the number he has
then at some point it was clear that we were out
same goal relatively fast too and
then hit standard hit 2 1
Maybe we have to make it out of it
even decide by a third
gate
but then we meet her we are
stable have stood nothing
admitted and if you are quite bitter
a deserved victory for us and yes, yes
I perfectly measured in the second half
started yes I think it is real
Crazy a crime arrived
other that the audience from the
concerns only in Hamburg with 1200 1300
100 first victory now we are 2009
pick second away win measurable
is a bit of a spectator what we are
must do the next
away games
but of course we are glad that we
so many have supported here today
Locally and luckily we were able to
his victories were also admitted to the victory
Just come as you can see
but twice abroad once could
Pauli once
the arena is of course outstanding
You can not complain that was amazing
how massaged and you look at the curve
completely full just makes fun so
we continue to work hard in
the first half in your own
in possession
The opponent has pressed us well too
one or the other error forced
this was that when we pointed to the
that we have the one or the other
other two I could hold on
anyway, so that was despite this
optical superiority we do not
have allowed correct chances
then it came to an unnecessary
ball loss in the game setup where we do that
want to relocate game on our left
Side lose the ball and then do
the hand play in the 16 okotie makes the 1 0
and then it looked like that
all trumps lie with the opponent
we had a lot until half-time
But ball possession could not do us any
chances earn in the mid-term
I said to the team
are now the offensive play
we will change with much more
self-awareness we go out to
try to play fast outside
and the second half the first chance
right after half-time
we basically many actions many
Chances played out
it was a bit like a game on
and consequently also have the
have made up for compensation
after the yellow-red card
if you have to accuse us is that
we from these insanely many
one hundred percent chances for not
the final decision taken care of
we have to do that 3 1
because even in deficit it is in the opponent
always possible shortly before closing again
to come back but under the dash
Compliments especially for the second
half time there was really strong and has
the game ultimately deserves
won
thank you program together yes I have
so seen that in fact currently
Actually, there was something going on here for us
I was the one to criticize
Team also said that in the reason
taken from the effort we
Actually we have too
We have had little capital hit
too little
Last balls played too few
compelling opportunities and there
played out and on it too
pointed out that we in the second
half past our attacks just yet
must play more consistently to the end
that was the march route in the reason for
the second half what the frank in
the first half at his
has criticized that team
they did not tie balls in front
was then the problem with us in
the second half heidenheim has in
that did more pressure
we were prepared for it we wanted
wanted to actively approach the whole thing
continue to play forward and how
then also force then to say
to finally close the bag and javi
it was not for us at all
successful
Heidenheim was indeed after the
half time on the pusher then has the
compensated and with the yellow red
Of course, the map was the situation
made difficult for us again and Heidenheim
has that in a standard situation
exploited
Under the stroke you have to say very clearly
only half time went to us in the phase
we just shot a goal
and Heidenheim had the second half
on his side
partially in excess and has two gates
and so you have to
acknowledge deservedly won
Thank you very much
the